Come on, he is really the eldest young master.
If I do, he will be our old boy’s biological son.
We came to find him and asked us to take him back to the capital this time.
What about Wanjie?
You are talking about Mr. Jie, he is just the son of our family head.
Old age trained him to sell his relationship and left him in Wanjie.
Among them, who is more important and who is less important?
I don’t know, but you must save me.
Wait, what happened?
I've had people make loud noises before. no.
Tell me you are so greedy
I tell you
Finally, you go to the young master in person to apologize.
It is said to be nine times that of fifty thousand knots
I see
this is really mine
I will become the eldest son of the Wan family.
In our dreams, yes, you are usually the same